yes very good I don't have the thing
that you had your show and my dad and my
brother they have their doctor thing
everybody's got something with me come
sorry what it helped that i want you
inside me let's just go watch the
assassins kick the shit at AA duck
impress the hell out of me last night
come down a ring for a tryout Gary not
joining the house cafe right buddy
you're not trying to loot you've been
touched by the fist at God for Christ's
sake what number you want to wear st.
never taking my brother Monstar for your
conscience you're not here to play
hockey you hit a fight this is one step
under the tinkling OH
the glass who rules not stay away from
my fucking percocets and do you have any
fucking percocets all right he'll open
take these guys go fuck your mom I'm
here to do whatever they need me to do
then you need a breeze been on glisan my
children I call you thumb for Christ's
sake my fucking eyeball just ejaculated
done I Dave hockey players for violence
to beer all of it boy pop your cherry
tonight what does it mean it's time to
welcome god officially we should sign
his big everyone sign his dick what's
happening here I'll sign your dick dawg
boss the boss betray he is the master
you have my respect if ever there comes
a time when it gets down to you and me I
will lay you the fuck out kid this has
all the elements of a sports masterpiece
yes thank you for asking this is about
to get ugly
number six let them up